NMS-14197: Add newts as a feature, add doc for parallel TSDB writes (#4972)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/time-series-storage/timeseries/time-series-storage.adoc

The time series is stored on a dedicated Cassandra cluster, which gives growth flexibility and lets time series data persist in a large scale.
|===

> You can use time series storage integrations with plugins based on our OpenNMS Plugin API (OIA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use time series storage integrations with plugins based on our OpenNMS Plugin API (formerly OIA).
```

CAUTION: The way data is stored in different time series databases makes it extremely hard to migrate from one technology to another.
You cannot prevent data loss when you switch from one to another.

== Running two time series writes in parallel

The default time series strategy [rrd,newts,integration] is used for both read/write by default.
It is possible to add another time series write in parallel to the default strategy.

> == Writing to newts in parallel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Write to Newts in parallel
```

> You can enable writing to newts without having `newts` as default time series strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable writing to Newts without it being the default time series strategy.
```
Would it be accurate to call this a secondary time series strategy? If so, I suggest:

You can enable writing to Newts by using it as a secondary time series strategy.

.Create a file to load the `opennms-newts` feature.
[source, console]
----
sudo vi etc/featuresBoot.d/newts.boot
----

.Add feature and save the file
[source, newts.boot]
----
opennms-newts
----

.Restart {page-component-title} Core instance to apply the changes
[source, console]
----
sudo systemctl restart opennms
----

> == Writing to Time Series Integration Plugin in parallel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Write to Time Series Integration Plugin in parallel
```

> You can enable writing to any time series integration plugin in parallel without having `integration` as default time series strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable writing to any time series integration plugin in parallel without having integration as the default time series strategy.
```
Same question as with Newts. Can we say secondary time series strategy?
If so:

You can enable any time series integration plugin in parallel by using it as a secondary time series strategy.
